Dont require typing-extensions in 3.10 (#2772)
psf/black: CHANGES.md

### Packaging

- All upper version bounds on dependencies have been removed (#2718)

> - `typing-extensions` is no longer a required dependency in Python3.10+ (#2772)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `typing-extensions` is no longer a required dependency in Python 3.10+ (#2772)
```
